Sister Lin, I want to thank you
See you soon
Forget it, just take it as a final understanding
Lin Bei, where are you? I'm here.
My dear baby
Sleeping Husband
Husband kneels and we drink medicine
We can sleep after drinking the medicine
That way you won't want to leave me
No, you're crazy, you say you
Don't wake this husband up
you
You woman
Are you good-looking?
Is this how you seduce my husband?
I'm going to kill you!
You are going to kill you
Tell me who you are
Why are you hurting me?
I am Xiao Ai.
I remember.
Mom and Dad
Xiao Ai
You are that little bastard
I really regret not being able to kill you in the first place
But it doesn't matter.
You're still going to die.